we're here it would who matter what park
hey hey woo has a gun yeah good good
good paper right yep I've got
specialized here the been kind enough to
let us test their bikes out let's go
check out the bikes they have you know
which one I'm writing it but nice we've
get tires nice nice range of awesome
blacks really lucky to come out and test
some mountain bikes it with the
awesomest mountain bike parks in New
Zealand Woodhill mana backpack these are
the bikes that specializes goodness
these specialized stumpy 29er really
really nice bike
this is wood who mountain bike park with
some specialized but his bikes here
comes trouble perfect place for mountain
biking perfect place to test the
mountain bikes so lucky to have hot
cycles take us out for a test drive it's
great fun get out move the length and
enjoy the most important thing thanks to
a specialized for living us here we go
with their new 29er thumpy specialized
and thanks to a will from hot cycles
betingelser get a ride
I don't eat no meat no dairy no sweets
only right vegetables fresh fruit and
whole week I'm from the old school my
household smell like soul food bra curry
falafel BBQ tofu no fish no no candy
bars no cigarettes only God your fresh
squeezed juice from oranges